docs: improve readme (#1411)
ReVanced/revanced-manager: README.md

Author: https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-branding/pull/30

   <a href="https://x.com/revancedapp">
      <picture>
         <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/93124920/270180600-7c1b38bf-889b-4d68-bd5e-b9d86f91421a.png">
         <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/93124920/270108715-d80743fa-b330-4809-b1e6-79fbdc60d09c.png" />
      </picture>
   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@ReVanced">
       <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032714-c51c7492-0666-44ac-99c2-f003a695ab50.png" />
   </a>
   <br>
   <br>
   Continuing the legacy of Vanced
</p>

# 💊 ReVanced Manager
[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ReVanced/revanced-manager/compose-dev)](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager/commits/compose-dev "")
[![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/ReVanced/revanced-manager/compose-dev)](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager-compose/commits/compose-dev "")

ReVanced Manager is an Android application that uses ReVanced Patcher to add, remove, and modify existing functionalities in Android applications.

> ### 💪 Features

Author: Removing this will make the readme not consistent across ReVanced repository

We provide the some of the features are:
* 📱 ReVanced Patcher that fit in your pocket!
* 🤗 Friendly & intuitive UI to help you manage your patched applications!
* 🛠️ Lots of customization to patch using 3rd-party sources and integration!

> * ✨ And a lot more!

Author: Not consistent with ReVanced Patches repository

### 🔽 Download

> You can obtain ReVanced Manager by downloading it from either [revanced.app/download](https://revanced.app/download) or [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager/releases)

Author: Is this required? Well, in GitHub it did tell you where to download

> You can obtain ReVanced Manager by downloading it from either [revanced.app/download](https://revanced.app/download) or [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager/releases)

Author: I have no objection to this, fixed in 35996b6c69c233877c2749c34c8d3116f88a01a1

> ## 🌱 Miscellaneous

Author: Should this be "Miscellaneous" or "Anything else"

Author: This is "📚 Everything else" in ReVanced Patches

```suggestion
## 📚 Everything else
```

> ## 🌱 Miscellaneous

Author: ```suggestion
```
TODO: change all existing H3 to H2

Co-authored-by: Palm <palmpasuthorn@gmail.com>

> ## 🌱 Miscellaneous

Author: > This takes space unnecessarily. Remove this.

Wouldn't this make it inconsistent?

See ReVanced Patches readme

### 📄 Documentation

> Step on how to use the application are available [here](/docs/README.md).

Author: Outdated

### 👋 Contributing

> Thanks for consider contributing to ReVanced Manager, you can find the contribution guidelines [here](/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Author: Resolved

### 🔴 Issues
For suggestions and bug reports, open an issue [here](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&projects=&template=bug-issue.yml&title=bug%3A+%3Ctitle%3E).

> ### ⚖️ License

Author: ```suggestion
## ⚖️ License
```

> ReVanced Manager adopt the [GNU General Public License 3.0](/LICENSE), [tl;dr](https://www.tldrlegal.com/license/gnu-general-public-license-v3-gpl-3): You may copy, distribute and modify the software as long as you track changes/dates in source files. Any modifications to or software including (via compiler) GPL-licensed code must also be made available under the GPL along with build & install instructions.

Author: Outdated

   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="https://reddit.com/r/revancedapp">
       <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032351-9d9d5619-8ef7-470a-9eec-2744ece54553.png" />
   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="https://t.me/app_revanced">
       <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032213-faf25ab8-0bc3-4a94-a730-b524c96df124.png" />
   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="https://x.com/revancedapp">
      <picture>
         <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/93124920/270180600-7c1b38bf-889b-4d68-bd5e-b9d86f91421a.png">
         <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/93124920/270108715-d80743fa-b330-4809-b1e6-79fbdc60d09c.png" />
      </picture>
   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@ReVanced">
       <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032714-c51c7492-0666-44ac-99c2-f003a695ab50.png" />
   </a>
   <br>
   <br>
   Continuing the legacy of Vanced
</p>

> # 💊 ReVanced Manager

Reviewer: After headers you add one space everywhere

> # 💊 ReVanced Manager

Author: ```suggestion
# 💊 ReVanced Manager

```
TODO: add one space everywhere

Co-authored-by: oSumAtrIX <johan.melkonyan1@web.de>

[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ReVanced/revanced-manager/compose-dev)](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager/commits/compose-dev "")
[![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/ReVanced/revanced-manager/compose-dev)](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager-compose/commits/compose-dev "")

> ReVanced Manager is an Android application that uses ReVanced Patcher to add, remove, and modify existing functionalities in Android applications.

Reviewer 2: Move this above the badges.

> [![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ReVanced/revanced-manager/compose-dev)](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager/commits/compose-dev "")
> [![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/ReVanced/revanced-manager/compose-dev)](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager-compose/commits/compose-dev "")
> 
> ReVanced Manager is an Android application that uses ReVanced Patcher to add, remove, and modify existing functionalities in Android applications.

Author: ```suggestion
ReVanced Manager is an Android application that uses ReVanced Patcher to add, remove, and modify existing functionalities in Android applications.

[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ReVanced/revanced-manager/compose-dev)](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager/commits/compose-dev "")
[![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/ReVanced/revanced-manager/compose-dev)](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager-compose/commits/compose-dev "")
```

Co-authored-by: Palm <palmpasuthorn@gmail.com>

### 💪 Features
We provide the some of the features are:

> * 📱 **Portable**: ReVanced Patcher that fit in your pocket!

Reviewer: Before lists you add 1 space

> We provide the some of the features are:
> * 📱 **Portable**: ReVanced Patcher that fit in your pocket!

Author: ```suggestion
We provide the some of the features are:

* 📱 **Portable**: ReVanced Patcher that fit in your pocket!
```

Co-authored-by: oSumAtrIX <johan.melkonyan1@web.de>

* 🤗 **Intuitive UI**: Help you manage your patched applications *intuitively*!

> * 🛠️ **Customization**: Patch using 3rd-party sources and integration!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* 🛠️ **Customization**: Patch with third-party sources!
```

* ✨ And a **lot more!**

### 🔽 Download
You can obtain ReVanced Manager by downloading it from either [ReVanced site](https://revanced.app/download) or [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager/releases)

## 🌱 Miscellaneous

### 📄 Documentation

> Step on how to use the application are available [here](/docs/README.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Documentation on how to use the application is available [here](/docs/README.md).
```

### 👋 Contributing

> Thanks for consider contributing to ReVanced Manager, you can find the contribution guidelines [here](/CONTRIBUTING.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Thank you for considering contributing to ReVanced Manager, you can find the contribution guidelines [here](/CONTRIBUTING.md).
```

> ### 📄 Documentation
> Documentation on how to use the application is available [here](/docs/README.md).
> 
> ### 👋 Contributing
> Thank you for considering contributing to ReVanced Manager, you can find the contribution guidelines [here](/CONTRIBUTING.md).
> 
> ### 🔴 Issues

Author: ```suggestion
## 📄 Documentation
Documentation on how to use the application is available [here](/docs/README.md).

## 👋 Contributing
Thank you for considering contributing to ReVanced Manager, you can find the contribution guidelines [here](/CONTRIBUTING.md).

## 🔴 Issues
```

For suggestions and bug reports, open an issue [here](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager/issues/choose).

## ⚖️ License

> ReVanced Manager adopt the [GNU General Public License 3.0](/LICENSE), [tl;dr](https://www.tldrlegal.com/license/gnu-general-public-license-v3-gpl-3): You may copy, distribute and modify the software as long as you track changes/dates in source files. Any modifications to or software including (via compiler) GPL-licensed code must also be made available under the GPL along with build & install instructions.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
ReVanced Manager adopts the [GNU General Public License 3.0](/LICENSE), [tl;dr](https://www.tldrlegal.com/license/gnu-general-public-license-v3-gpl-3): You may copy, distribute and modify the software as long as you track changes/dates in source files. Any modifications to or software including (via compiler) GPL-licensed code must also be made available under the GPL along with build & install instructions.
```

## ❓ About
ReVanced Manager is an Android application that uses ReVanced Patcher to add, remove, and modify existing functionalities in Android applications

## 💪 Features
We provide the some of the features are:
* 📱 ReVanced Patcher that fit in your pocket!
* 🤗 Friendly & initutive UI to help you manage your patched applications!
* 🛠️ Lot's of customisation to patch using 3rd-party sources and integration!
* ✨ And a lot more!

## 🔽 Download
You can obtain ReVanced Manager by downloading it from either [revanced.app/download](https://revanced.app/download) or [GitHub Releases](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager/releases)

## 📄 Documentation
Step on how to compile & use the application are available [here](/docs/README.md).

## 👋 Contributing
You can find the contribution guidelines [here](/CONTRIBUTING.md), Thanks for consider contributing to ReVanced Manager!

## 🔴 Issues
For suggestions and bug reports, open an issue [here](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager/issues/new?assignees=&labels=bug&projects=&template=bug-issue.yml&title=bug%3A+%3Ctitle%3E).

## ⚖️ License

> > [!IMPORTANT]
> > The license is not yet adopted, wait for https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager/issues/1412
> > License might changes!!

Author: ```suggestion
```

Remove when #1412

      </picture>
   </a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
   <a href="https://www.youtube.com/@ReVanced">
      <picture>
         <source height="24px" media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032714-c51c7492-0666-44ac-99c2-f003a695ab50.png" />
         <img height="24px" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/13122796/178032714-c51c7492-0666-44ac-99c2-f003a695ab50.png" />
     </picture>
   </a>
   <br>
   <br>
   Continuing the legacy of Vanced
</p>

# 💊 ReVanced Manager

[![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/ReVanced/revanced-manager/compose-dev)](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager/commits/compose-dev "")
[![GitHub commit activity](https://img.shields.io/github/commit-activity/w/ReVanced/revanced-manager/compose-dev)](https://github.com/ReVanced/revanced-manager-compose/commits/compose-dev "")

ReVanced Manager is an Android application that uses ReVanced Patcher to add, remove, and modify existing functionalities in Android applications.

## 💪 Features

We provide the some of the features are:

> * 📱 **Portable**: ReVanced Patcher that fit in your pocket;

Reviewer 4: This sounds kinda weird. What does "portable" mean here and how is it beneficial?

Author: > This sounds kinda weird. What does "portable" mean here and how is it beneficial?

I have to generate 4 compelling points or reasons to use the ReVanced Manager 💀 

Any suggestion would be great.
